Let's look at some more functions and see
what the interface definitions are of these functions.
So we have the transfer from function right there.
Now it takes in the original owners address,
the receiver's address and also the token ID that you wanted to transfer from.
So again the way it does that,
the first thing of course you know you have to make
sure that the underscore to address is
capable of receiving the NFTs or else the NFTs will be permanently lost.
It also throws an error if or unless
the msg dot sender is a current owner if not it's going to throw an error.
So that's how the function transfer from is implemented.
Then if you see we have
the next two functions safe transfer from
and safe transfer from implemented to two times.
The reason it's possible is because solidity implements function overloading,
which means we can have two functions with the same names,
as long as they have different argument list.
Now an ERC 20 contract there is a possibility of losing tokens.
If you transfer tokens that do not know how to handle them.
So if we're to send our tokens to another token or
a contract that does not really know how to transfer or how to accept tokens,
our tokens will get lost.
Now this can be somehow changed with this transfer from
function in this case and so let's look at how it's implemented.
So we have two different ways of implementing this,
so if we take it has three arguments,
from, to and token ID in this case and also from to and token ID in bytes data.
The way you do that is from of course is the address that you're sending from,
to and the token ID and bytes data
is some additional information that if you wanted to send along,
then you can just send it along with the bytes data and that is how this implements.
The safe transfer from,
again the same thing it transfers ownership
of an NFT from one address to another address.
Now this looks identical to
the other function that we just saw on the top with an extra data.
In this, you have an extra data parameter but this one does not.
So this is how you implement the safe transfer from and then you're just making sure,
of course it also is implemented,
the way you implement it is kind of left upon the Smart Contract owner
but this is how it really wants us to implement the function in two different ways.
So that's a safe transfer from function,
then we have the approved function right there.
Just like we learned in the ERC 20 standard the function approves or grants
another entity permission to transfer a token on another owners behalf.
For example, let say if Alice owns one udacity token,
she can call the function approve for her friend Bob.
After a successful call,
Bob can take ownership of all perform
operations on the token at a later time on Alice's behalf.
So that's how approve function works,
so you're approving someone else to spend tokens or your token on your behalf.
So it takes an address and also the token ID that whoever that you're approving from.
Then we have set approval for all function.
Now this is a function that is used to approve one address to
transfer and handle the tokens that are owned by particular address.
So that's you're just setting an approval for
this person and whatever that address would be.
Then we have get approval for all or get approved,
in fact is the function name. Get approved.
So again, the approved address it's for
a single NFT and it throws an error if it's not a valid NFT.
This function is basically used to check that
we're not setting approval for address zero.
So you're supposed to do some kind of implementation of that over there.
So that's get approved function.
Then we also have is approved for all,
this function tells whether an operator is approved by again an owner.
It takes in two parameters,
the owner address that you want to query the approval of and
the operator address which you want to query the approval of and it returns a bool.
Whether the given operators approved by given owner or not.
So that's how this function is approved of working.
So again you can always go back and read the comments and I'm going
to give you this code in the bottom of this video,
so you can walk through how these functions are implemented in this interface definition.